and then personal beauty but starting here
a video the shadow of the colossus the
secret and is not and that after so much
time I come and I'm recording again
This here I do not even know is if I like that
Records do not know if we speak out the
video this time let's talk about dreams
first in the last video I
I did because during the video
I ended up imitating there so I ask
Excuse this will not happen again
so come on
good then today's theory is that the game is
goes from a dream just a theory
it seemed at last I'll explain what part until
where it is a dream where it began and
The dream is over because reality is what
reality has to do with this dream
So anyway, let's go in
first place is where it starts where everything
it is only a dream and it only has to
to be someone then whose dream is this
vander is water is sleep
so that would be sleeping when
this dream begins it starts as soon as
We started to play then I can not
know right when it starts then
When
Mercadante already goes a dream is already a
dream and when it ends when we see
love not getting up after the fight
against the drop tenths 7x colossus is
we see the monkey waking up resuscitating
in quotes right
and this here would be the real thing
they are just sleeping and woke up
image of dreams and how it is reality
vander the rich that i actually believe
But that's where I'm going to explain.
because then you're just a baby
monkey son with the sleeping
I'll explain it too.
Finally it's just a little baby too
that I was taking in the shower in the
ag she sells good and finally agro is a
bruised horse maybe he had
some accident has already been this way
anyway he does not run does not jump and just
Manca and Mono is very sad because of
the bridge connecting the castle to the
of forbidden lands he is
totally broken is not known if the UN
already born there with the broken bridge or
sleep broke someone broke but
bridge is totally broken place is
totally desert there is no one
She is the only person who lives there
meet with a baby
then this would be the reality of the morning
so now let's go to the difference between
reality is a dream
how I talked about the curriculum
he is just a little baby and in the dream that
kept him a grown boy
strong and brave would kill good giant garbage
because that in her dream and that she has no
horns as it is in fact because rich
He's a pain in the ass.
monkey does not like to sleep so the
colossi
It's like they 're part of the sleep.
really or even dora sleeps and she wanted
that vander become a boy
very dumb to the icon the story of a
very strong group so that he could kill
sleep they live happily ever after
so the dream it has no horns
because that would just be a memory
that he is the son of a dora who is not a
cool souvenir then do not dream it does not
has horns referring to sleeping not
have no influence on it now
a very strong horse that jumps fast
act like she really would like the
euro was for real
the bridge is perfect had well
built on the methods of feeling well
the pretty little regret because she has
the dream of leaving that place
it is then in the dream that she had the bag
it was perfect had it ready for
anyone comes to the light we see in the
probably coming from the sun would be
a small trace of reality in the dream
a small real-world light that would
He sleeps wanting and starts to influence
the club and so he begins to have
shifts throughout the dream
already near the end when Andrew defeated
the 16 th colloquiums that would still be in
of the dream
He sleeps he was already having so much
influence in the dream reality was already
winning both
the kimono woke up and could not stand it any more
that dream because he was
turning it into a nightmare
Good, I guess that was enough.
to show you the basics of this
theory
in the future I can bring as I did
with world bringing a two talking dream
about a conclusion about this
subject and talking about other theories
related to this but despite the video
being through short take long to
me make this video if you notice a long
Video my tone and clarity to
Mike changed enough recorded this
video with three different microphones but
anyway, how have you always behaved?
take so long and now be short and I
I can not say that the next one will be
It's going to be kind tomorrow, I can not anymore.
It's probably going to take a while because I
I have to write, I have here.
sums up everything I wrote because the
that I write is not a little write
relatively large and then
to summarize I have to go from a
organized way to talk about the video
That's when I said it all and recorded a million
of times
but I will not complain about it because
I think cool is from the church so much
Thank you all, thank you very much for the
two thousand subscribers
I'm going to make a special day and I'll
So that's it, thank you very much to everyone and
see you later one more thing is
I wanted you to say that you
find after each time after you do
a sheldon video about some secret one
theory of the boss or make a live
a day later until the same day talking
on that subject of debate debating
on that subject with you in the case
So tell me what you think of this idea.
beauty, now, yes, yes, now it's okay
said too much